Exhibit B
Budget Detail and Payment Provisions

Invoicing and Payment 
In no event shall the Contractor request reimbursement from the State for obligations entered into or for costs incurred prior to the commencement date or after the expiration of this Contract.

For services satisfactorily rendered, and upon receipt and approval of the invoices, the State agrees to compensate the Contractor for actual expenditures incurred in accordance with the Contract pricing.

Invoices shall be submitted in electronic format not more frequently than quarterly to:
 
California Department of Public Health
Center for Preparedness and Response
PO Box 997377, MS 7002
Sacramento, CA 95814
RMU@cdph.ca.gov 
 
For subscriptions, the amount billed shall be included in the invoice for the quarter in which the charge applies and shall include the facility name and applicable term clearly defined in the line item. 
For onboarding hospital fees, the amount billed shall be included in the quarterly invoice in arrears of the services rendered.

The State, at its discretion, may designate an alternate invoice submission address.  A change in the invoice address shall be accomplished via a written notice to the Contractor by the State and shall not require an amendment to this Contract.

Should an invoice be disputed, Contractor will correct any/all disputed items on the invoice and resubmit the invoice as indicated above. Failure to provide and resubmit corrected invoice will result in a delay of payment. Under no circumstances will a credit memo be accepted in lieu of a corrected invoice.
 
Invoice shall include:
 
Contract Number
Date of Invoice
Date of Service
Location of Service
Applicable rate and total contract dollar amount
Any additional invoicing requirement needed for the procurement (i.e., copy of parts receipts, signed technician report, timecard, work authorization, summary for employee benefits compliance reporting, etc).
Contractor’s California Certified Small Business Certification Reference Number if applicable.
Contact phone number for billing questions
Itemize costs for the billing period in the same or greater level of detail as indicated in this Contract.  Subject to the terms of this Contract, reimbursement may only be sought for those costs and/or cost categories expressly identified as allowable in this Contract and approved by CDPH. 

Itemized information would include, at minimum:
Hospital Onboarding Fee for each newly onboarded Hospital
Hospital Name
Hospital Address
Hospital Contact Name
Hospital Contact Phone
Hospital Contact Email
Ongoing Quarterly Hospital Subscriptions
Facility Name
Date of Onboard Completion
Date of Data Activation (must be the first day of the next calendar month after Onboarding completion)

Quarterly Invoicing
Quarters are defined as:
January–March
April–June
July–September
October–December

All quarterly subscriptions must align with one of these periods. Any new hospital subscriptions will be prorated to fit within the applicable quarter listed above.

Sample:
Hospital onboarded date: 5/1/2026
Charges shall be as follows:
Billed on July 1, 2026
May-June: prorated and paid in arrears
July – September is paid in advance on the July 1, 2026 invoice.
 
Budget Contingency Clause  
A.	It is mutually agreed that if the Budget Act of the current year and/or any subsequent years covered under this Contract does not appropriate sufficient funds for the program, this Contract shall be of no further force and effect.  In this event, the State shall have no liability to pay any funds whatsoever to Contractor or to furnish any other considerations under this Contract and Contractor shall not be obligated to perform any provisions of this Contract.
 
If funding for any fiscal year is reduced or deleted by the Budget Act for purposes of this program, the State shall have the option to either cancel this Contract with no liability occurring to the State or offer a Contract amendment to the Contractor to reflect the reduced amount.
 

Prompt Payment Clause 
Payment will be made in accordance with, and within the time specified in, Government Code Chapter 4.5, commencing with Section 927. 

Timely Submission of Final Invoice 
A final undisputed invoice shall be submitted for payment no more than thirty (30) calendar days following the expiration or termination date of this Contract, unless a later or alternate deadline is agreed to in writing by the CDPH Contract Manager.  Said invoice should be clearly marked “Final Invoice”, indicating that all payment obligations of the State under this Contract have ceased and that no further payments are due or outstanding. The State may, at its discretion,  dispute the final invoice if the Contractor fails to obtain prior written State approval of an alternate final invoice submission deadline, in accordance with DGS PD 402-ITGP Cloud (REV. 02/20/2025), Section 17, Dispute Resolution. 
  
Expense Allowability / Fiscal Documentation 
CDPH shall not pay for any items not listed in the Contract pricing. CDPH has the right to audit and rectify any payments for items that are not covered under the Contract and should not have been made to the Contractor.  

Recovery of Overpayments 
Contractor agrees that claims based upon the terms of this contract or an audit finding and/or an audit finding that is appealed and upheld, will be recovered by the State by one of the following options:
 
Contractor’s remittance to the State of the full amount of the audit exception within 30 days following the State’s request for re-payment.
 
A repayment schedule agreeable between the State and the Contractor.
 
The State reserves the right to select which option as indicated above in paragraph A will be employed and the Contractor will be notified by the State in writing of the claim procedure to be utilized.
 
Interest on the unpaid balance of the audit finding or debt will accrue at a rate equal to the monthly average of the rate received on investments in the Pooled Money Investment Account commencing on the date that an audit or examination finding is mailed to the Contractor, beginning 30 days after Contractor’s receipt of the State’s demand for repayment.
 
If the Contractor has filed a valid appeal regarding the report of audit findings, recovery of the overpayments will be deferred until a final administrative decision on the appeal has been reached.  If the Contractor loses the final administrative appeal, Contractor shall repay, to the State, the over-claimed or disallowed expenses, plus accrued interest.  Interest accrues from the Contractor’s first receipt of State’s notice requesting reimbursement of questioned audit costs or disallowed expenses. 

