Projects-20260320_103202-Meeting Transcript
March 20, 2026, 5:32PM
1m 48s
Clark Stacer started transcription
Brian Hierholzer   0:03Doesn't mean the rest of us aren't going that way.
Kevin McCarthy   0:05I I don't like my my concern is just like language matters a lot and like like we we have a we have a you. I know that like when you talk to customers it's not as important but there's a bunch of people on the call that.
Brian Hierholzer   0:06OK.We'll get there.
Kevin McCarthy   0:20All that mean like very very specific things need to be clear or else it causes confusion.
Brian Hierholzer   0:24We'll get there. We'll get there. Clark and I are starting to get to a language that the same vocabulary is, is the same with Joe, is the same with Dan. The problem is, is you know we've been working kind of in these forward things while you've been head down in this.Quagmire of cleanup ****. So you know, anyway, it is what it is.
Kevin McCarthy   0:45Yeah, I I don't. I think we can get somewhere mutually agreeable. We just haven't been through that process of mutually agreeing and and it's easier to hold off on public discussions. So we've done that phase.
Brian Hierholzer   0:51Yeah.So, well, I've just been having those discussions. So it's it, you know, you can tell with me, I'm already like this is the, you know, I'm already using language and structure and a glossary because I've like I've ridden the bike a few times. So anyway, so the assumption is, is that you know, and I'm going to start simply for now.
Kevin McCarthy   1:10Cool.
Brian Hierholzer   1:16You know, Clark and I have been working on the construct of the SME Mart, which is like Upwork, which is a facilitation of a buy and sell, plain and simple, right? There's two parties and right now, just for this exercise when we put this into Miro or whatever.
Kevin McCarthy   1:24Yep.

--- Part 2 ---

Projects-20260320_123342-Meeting Recording
March 20, 2026, 5:33PM
47m 17s
Brian Hierholzer   0:10Right. So I'm I'm going to pretend that there is a a way in this world that we can build where two parties.Pretending they can't speak to each other, right? And we're let's just say we're Helen Keller, Commerce Helen Keller, where she can't speak and she can't even hear.And the only way that we can commit commerce is an electronic thing called a, you know, machines. So we have to programmatically find a way for both parties.
Kevin McCarthy   0:47Yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   0:54To come together, define what we're going to do together, define my requirements, define what you want to provide and your requirements, and programmatically have commerce with that out ever having a conversation between, let's say, two parties for now with full visibility and transparency.Of everything that each person is doing with full security or each party is doing with full security, breaks, stops, you know, emergency breaks, you know, IT security ****, right? Like, Oh my God, you're in my **** or whatever. But do you see where I'm going from there? That's kind of the concept conceptually.Clark, would you, you know, as a general statement, would you say anything different for now?
Clark Stacer   1:39I know I'm. I'm following you. Yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   1:42OK, so for now.And I'm going to not get to the project yet, but we are coming together on a project. But there is a single means of communication between us two parties of requirements and satisfaction of those requirements and those may be bidirectional.For now, because both parties need things from each other and need to get validations from each other, and that the only way that we have for now is this, this, this container system of partitions where on one side you define what you need.That is still proprietary to you, your requirements. You're you're building them into these boxes of, you know, let's just call it a task. You build your requirements, but there are some some requirements that you may want to do, but you're keeping those to yourself.But there are requirements that you explicitly have to share and publish to the to the other side. And then the same thing on the other side. They have this box of requirements or demands that some may be private and some may be explicit that they have to share.They're going to plausibly publish those things into this third thing that joins both of those two boxes, which is a transparency environment which validates and invalidates the exchange of information back and forth bidirectionally.
Kevin McCarthy   3:16Yeah. So, so think of it in terms of contractual terms, right. There's an MSA, there are terms you need to agree on the MSA. Then there's the schedules, right. You have the terms you got to agree with on the schedules. And then there's and then there's a customer acceptance process of did he do this, did you not do this? Then there's a warranty process of I'm going to make a claim.
Brian Hierholzer   3:25Dollars licensing MSA.
Kevin McCarthy   3:36'Cause I don't think he did this and whatever. And so like, yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   3:37And these are literally all requirements and and whether they're met or agreed to, right? Like literally if we just shed the standards, benchmarks, you know, construct, these are literally requirements that are satisfied or not met. And the satisfaction or the dissatisfaction is an assessment.With some sort of criteria relative to how we assess that those exchange of information is depending on what the requirement structure is, right? They may be different assessment types. So back to the same if I'm going to pattern.And I did take this IQ test here recently. You know, you're online and you see, I'm like, I'm ******* tired of this. I'm just going to take it. And and I just happened to, whether I talk so much or not, I just happened to get the whole entire exam right. I had 100% on the whole ******* IQ test and it was nothing but pattern recognition.The whole ******* thing, literally over and over and over. And I could see that there was deceptive data points and all this pattern ****. But I got I was 100 for 100, you know, 100%. My only point is, is that there is an absolute pattern here that there is requirements.Standards, configurations, legal dollars, whatever the **** it is, it's the same thing. It's a list of requirements, and there is a way to match that, and there's a way to assess that those things are met or not, plain and simple.
Clark Stacer   4:53Sure.
Kevin McCarthy   4:57But but it's.So, so there are generically, yes, I get it. Now where this gets interesting is like this is not purely structured data and it's not purely unstructured data, right? There's it's gonna go back and forth.
Brian Hierholzer   5:12Let let's just for now, let's just for now, I agree with where you're at. But let's say for now that we're going to start with the structured data just for simplicity sake, the explicit because you know what I told Dan, I'll give you an example.I could give it the in my mind, the future of the ******* SOC 2 audit is as dead as it was when we started this business. But we are going to ******* make sure we kill it because a SOC 2 human-based, subjective, freaking whatever the **** that thing is, I don't give a flying **** about.The only thing I care about is programmatic, explicit, fully automated anything to start. Just to start, right?
Kevin McCarthy   5:54Right.But yeah, but all I'm saying is like if you look at it from use cases, so there is that use case which is where we've always had that in in the back of our head forever, right? Like like if you if you want to buy in some type of like you if I give you a check.You've got you're on the hook for things, basic, basic concept, right? Like you don't get my money unless you do those things. But then that that same thing is kind of like effectively any type of engagement, right? Like and it could be I'm I'm having someone do lawnscaping, landscaping services and.You have to trim the trees in the bushes or whatever, right?
Brian Hierholzer   6:33As long as long as we can trap it, as long as we can trap it digitally for now, this singular mechanism, I'm I'm being freaking serious as hell. I've boiled this thing down into this incredible task system that you've built, right?
Kevin McCarthy   6:46Yeah, yeah, that's that's the gist of it, right. The gist, the gist of it is, is projecting source of measures onto your suppliers, right. It's coercion as a construct, coercion as a service, yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   6:56It's coercion and security and requirements and assessment, like the whole ******* thing, yes.
Kevin McCarthy   7:00Sure, like, but the vehicle is coercion, right? I'm gonna, I'm gonna these are the screws I'm gonna turn on you and I'm gonna turn this and I'm gonna turn that one and and then yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   7:06I have a mechanized way that you I will inspect you whether you like it or not. Now you're going to come to me forcefully with a with a mechanized meat.
Kevin McCarthy   7:16Yeah, and I'll I'll choose to put your crown on that has those screws, but whatever, we know what we're dealing with, yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   7:21So, so if we net this entire business out, I I'm being serious, like everything we've been doing and and all parties, et cetera, we are going to boil this down to the absolute simplest components. There's three partitions in a room.There is literally a demand side of requirements that publishes into a transparency box. There is how those demand side requirements with that were published in the transparency box are being met or satisfied with the assessment of that. Literally if I could just try to simplify it to anything.And everything around it is literally those three boxes. Now this is between three-part or two parties. I'm going to introduce another. But once we kind of get that construct down, Clark, do you see it this way or do you not see it this way? I'm, you know, we're trying, I'm trying to pattern imprint on everybody here to kind of get, you know, consensus.
Kevin McCarthy   8:15But but there's there's OK, keep going.
Brian Hierholzer   8:19Go ahead.But.
Clark Stacer   8:39At the boundary level, at the org level, you know.
Kevin McCarthy   8:39But.
Brian Hierholzer   8:41And and this is me asking for I want to read a read access to an object that's a requirement or it's a demand or I whatever it is.
Kevin McCarthy   8:43Both but.Yeah, but but like, if you look at this from, let's just, let's just put two perspectives on it, right? One is this is a transaction. This is 1 buyer, 1 seller, one set of promises, right? The other idea is the boundary is your full set of all your promises to all your stakeholders for all of your reasons.Your compliance things you got to do, your operational things you got to do, your soft SDLC things you got to do, right? And that's and the whole goal of the boundary was whatever your full set of promises are, you manage those promises at the operations level and from once you've done that, you now get auto credit for all of the different.Actions that depend on those things.
Brian Hierholzer   9:27I I would agree with that statement 100%. However, I would also disagree and say that boundary can be more narrow and more specific and more project oriented. It could be 1000 boundaries.
Kevin McCarthy   9:37Sure, but all I'm saying is like, like if you actually have to surface this, this is the same survey problem times 10. Everyone's sick of filling out the same ******* survey for 10 different people. This is the worst, most painful survey of your life. So the whole idea is don't do it.
Brian Hierholzer   9:50Once you, once you, once you snap into the survey. Once you snap into the survey, though, it's the easiest thing for the rest of your life.
Kevin McCarthy   9:53That's.That's the part that makes it useful. That's my point that that's. But that's the point that is the boundary. The the boundary is proving that not only did you answer that question once, you you've answered it forever. So if you don't have the boundary there, this is actually the worst thing ever. It makes everyone's life worse.
Brian Hierholzer   10:11The boundary. The boundary is the control plane taught that that mounts under these three boxes. That's yes, yes, yes. The boundary construct is the same, yes, yes.
Kevin McCarthy   10:18That that's my point. The boundary is your set of promises to the world.And and proof that you're handling your promises. So, so if you don't have a boundary construct so that all these things that that your sales guy just promised somebody, if you can't keep up with that times 500 customers, times regulators, times investors, times HR requirements, times internal security requirements, you're.And so that's the whole idea. Like, I don't see how we do this without the boundary. This to me is what?
Brian Hierholzer   10:47There is no statement here that I've ever said, and Clark couldn't agree with this. This is all boundary centric. It is 100% boundary centric.
Kevin McCarthy   10:54But we don't have the boundary that does that. That's my point. This is these. This is the same problem we always have which outside in versus inside out. Like I think we need to we can design this, but the implementation of this is not the tasks. The implementation of this is the boundary. The boundary is the thing that answers that are you doing your promises, not a task.
Brian Hierholzer   11:01Yeah.B.So here would be my concept. The thing the requirements of the demand side tied to the to the supply side meeting those is is all absolutely 110% all tied to all roles I am access.
Kevin McCarthy   11:23That's the controls.Yeah, yeah, I get it. And all I'm saying is like, like the whole idea is that when someone asks you **** of you, you should have already discharged most of those asks before you think about it. And then if you don't have that boundary, you don't have that protection, you don't have that vehicle.
Brian Hierholzer   11:30From the boundary construct, those are all pulled through, yes.Correct. Yeah, ideally.The boundary is everything from both sides. It is the IT is this.
Kevin McCarthy   11:46Correct. That's my point. So like it's a non, it's a non-starter to have this discussion when we don't have a boundary.
Brian Hierholzer   11:53We we do have a boundary. It's in in this design and we can get into this. There is a boundary requirement come hell or high water no matter what.
Kevin McCarthy   11:54Not that does what that says.Correct. And and I'm seeing, I'm seeing, I'm seeing into what that boundary feature set is that allows you to auto satisfy these requirements.
Brian Hierholzer   12:10Yeah, so we we can get into that, but I am 150% with you. Boundary construct is the security underpinning that that unlocks.
Kevin McCarthy   12:21It's the promise. It's the promise keeping function.
Brian Hierholzer   12:23However you want to say it. However you want to say it.
Kevin McCarthy   12:26The the security part is, does this request like blocks? It's a firewall. It's a gate. I'm not talking about the gate. I'm talking about promise management. These are all the things that I promised to do and proving that I'm doing them. If you don't have a promise management function, you can't do this.
Brian Hierholzer   12:38And and how? And how often? And how often and how frequently? And yes.
Kevin McCarthy   12:43Yeah. And and all that stuff. That's my point. So like, there's basically this, this is a, this is a porthole. This is 1 porthole into the whole universe of promises that you need to keep, right? This is 1 porthole and you've got a lot of them, right? You got, you got those times 1000.And so all I'm saying is like if you if you're gonna go and and open all these portholes and you don't have that framework there to auto discharge these promises and auto satisfy them, then all you're doing is is getting tasks open for every single requirement, you're gonna get blown the **** out of the water.
Brian Hierholzer   13:17No, I don't. I don't agree with it that way. You know why? Because hold on, hold on. Just like.
Kevin McCarthy   13:19Yeah, absolutely.Every single requirement gets turned into a task where you got to log in and and and close task form fields to prove that you're doing stuff or whatever you want to do.
Brian Hierholzer   13:28Hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm not. Let's now we have tasks and subtasks with explicit lettering. I I'm not trying to define the narrowness or breadth of a task that there are 1,000,000 tasks, but.Within this construct, and I'm not trying to define that because this is where we do need to discuss this is what are all of the things that are included in a task or a subtask, right? Because back to that point of what Clark, you know and you guys were talking about today with the GSD, right? It went and freaking just went and it was running all this ****.
Kevin McCarthy   14:08Yeah, because because because you you bookended both things. Supply's bookended, demand's bookended, right? Like if it books and bookends, you're fine. You've not bookended supply, you've only bookended demand.
Brian Hierholzer   14:08That's what this actually is.Keep, keep in mind, keep it. Hold on. I disagree and I'll tell you why.If if I know the ingredients of your boundary, let's let's think about the supply side in our cataloging process for a minute. You're saying that it's a black box on the supply side. I'm saying no, it isn't. Why? Because whatever is in your boundary is cataloged.
Kevin McCarthy   14:44Yeah, U to a feature set that exposes that.
Brian Hierholzer   14:44It is in a schema. Hold on, hold on. Whatever is in your boundary is in the catalog, the global catalog, possibly, or required. And there's an explicit set of data objects and APIs and all that ****. So even though I'm on the demand side, I still.The same.Language and by just you showing me what is in your boundary with me out ever asking what product set. Well, Jesus, I already have catalogued and I know the full schema and every data object of the seven of the 10 products that are in your boundary. Now that being said, run this tool set.And catalog those those applications or whatever it is, those tools, get them into the catalog, add those to the boundary in the interim. Again, we're not talking in the interim, you know, I can say all I need the what's rest of the it's not in there and it could say go run the catalog or that could trigger something.On the supply side, my my point is though is that if I know everything in the boundary and it is fully catalogued, I already know the schema on the demand side. Dan already knows the queries that he wants to watch. He's seen it. He's seen the classes he I'm just saying that this is.
Kevin McCarthy   15:54But but my point is like that's.Brian like I I.
Brian Hierholzer   16:01Functionally there.
Kevin McCarthy   16:03I've I've filled out a lot of these questionnaires. A very small fraction of most people's questionnaires would be answerable today with the data we have and the features that we have for Boundary.
Brian Hierholzer   16:18Yeah. And and what I'm saying is, is that this is our mission. This is our business. We are an assessment platform. We've been, we've been talking about this for for five years.
Kevin McCarthy   16:24Yeah, yeah, I get it Brian. But this, this is core like like if you want to talk about here, here's where I agree with you. This is the absolute core value prop that we've been building for for four years and and you keep trying to short change it and have other people build it. You have Dan build it or Clark build it, but like this is a platform feature.This is what the platform should be doing.
Brian Hierholzer   16:44I'm I am not saying Kevin, there is no argument that says that the work that that Clark is doing on again we had to start moving forward while we're waiting and the the the demand side that that Dan is building.
Kevin McCarthy   16:57Yeah, I get it. But the reason, the reason we're waiting, Brian, is that we're building these layers up, right? And they don't exist yet. They're getting there. The the key thing that you need is a working platform boundary. That is a prereq to this working properly. You don't have it.
Brian Hierholzer   17:12I you you said that to me five months ago and and I can't. I I'm not the one who can cure that.
Kevin McCarthy   17:16And we haven't done any feature work, Brian. Like we're not, we're not like, you know, we've been the feature work we've been doing has been around tasks. It's been around enabling third party developers. It's been enabling like like we're doing stuff. We've not literally done a a single boundary feature in over a year.Which is this. This is the whole point of what we should be doing, and we're not doing that. We're doing other stuff for out for other reasons.
Brian Hierholzer   17:34Well, let's let's spec out. Let's. And my comment is just like, you know, we weren't ready for a I and then all of a sudden like a I came like, Oh my God, we're perfectly ready for this. In my opinion, I'm actually glad we didn't do the boundary specs because to me these are defining the boundary specs.In all honesty.
Kevin McCarthy   17:55Correct. Yeah. And and and so and they're not necessarily conflicting. I don't think like as far as I'm concerned without having full specs done, this is directionally what we've always talked about. This is not a surprise discussion. It's just, it's just filling in details. The thing that I'm I'm raising the flag on.
Brian Hierholzer   18:07Nothing has changed. I've never, I've not come up with anything different, yeah.
Kevin McCarthy   18:14Is that this has not been what your platform team has been focused on and you're trying to get other people to focus on it, but there's a reason that this is a there are platform tasks here that need to get done.
Brian Hierholzer   18:20I I am trying to create, I'm trying to create the clarity of specificity of what these features are now that we're almost getting to the point where we can actually look up.
Kevin McCarthy   18:31Fair enough, yeah. And and I'm saying there's there are ways to do that without writing code that you have to throw away.You have to throw away.
Brian Hierholzer   18:42I I'm we haven't been writing. You have not been writing code to throw away. We are going out. We are. We are.
Kevin McCarthy   18:47We're doing it presently. Everything that Dan and Clark is doing is not in the platform.
Brian Hierholzer   18:51This is this is called prototyping and creating demand. Yes, this is what if I agree we have to do this.
Kevin McCarthy   18:54Prototyping and code you throw away are the same idea.
Brian Hierholzer   18:57We have to prototype and create this iterative process that tells us what this thing is going to look like because we have been waiting for this moment for a long time.
Kevin McCarthy   19:08But Brian, like, fair enough, whatever, right? Like, I'm fine with the prototyping budget, but it's more important to get dollars into the actual core that needs to grow up into that thing. So like, the more you take people out of the core, like Andres and Clarks and Dan's and Cataline's and Daniels, the less they're doing the actual core work that enables this.
Brian Hierholzer   19:18I.OK, Kevin, we are supposed to have AI thought we had a boundary at some point. Again, we've just discussed that we have to harden it. To me, this is the spec.
Kevin McCarthy   19:36Yeah, yeah, there's there's a there's a ton of work that we've been doing too, but like it's not been in like all this stuff. Like for instance, everything. We've not done anything in the boundary since we've made the internal controls pluggable. Everything we did was STF centric.We are not STF centric anymore. We are, we have pluggable internal controls. We've not changed the UI, we've not changed the the workflows, we've not changed the controls like we've done. I'm saying like like there's a whole bunch of stuff that we pause there and we've been doing a lot of enablement to come back to that.
Brian Hierholzer   19:55Yeah.
Kevin McCarthy   20:07Place, but we're not in that place and everything that we're doing for tasks is not that place. Activities is not that place like, you know, like the, the, the.
Brian Hierholzer   20:15Well, I I would, I would, I would beg to differ here and and where we are at right now and This is why I keep jumping up and down and I said it to you. I've been talking to Clark. I've been talking to Dan. I've been talking to Joe. I've been talking to John. I've been talking to a **** ton of people.Is it? Hold on.
Kevin McCarthy   20:30It's it, Brian. This is the core, right? This is the core. This, this is the discussion I want to have. Trust me, but this I'm but.
Brian Hierholzer   20:35I've been waiting for this discussion. We are here. You have not been here. Just because I you have not been here doesn't mean that I haven't been here. You've been busy.
Kevin McCarthy   20:43Brian, it's not every time I say we need to do the boundary control testing, we we're doing something else. We've not been working on those two core features and those are the two core features that you want. You need control testing, you need the boundary.
Brian Hierholzer   20:47Kevin, Kevin, this is the work. This is the work that we need to get to. I'm waiting for you to show up. You are finally showing up.
Kevin McCarthy   20:59Well, it's it's not because of my own decisions. There's a lot of work that we've been putting in ahead of this.
Brian Hierholzer   21:02I'm I'm not. I'm not laying blame. I'm not screaming at you.
Kevin McCarthy   21:05No, I'm I'm, I'm agreeing with you. I'm saying that the reason I've not shown up is that we've been asked to do other things that are not this and we have to finish those other things.
Brian Hierholzer   21:12Well, you do need a working core, you know, thing.
Kevin McCarthy   21:18Yeah. So all I'm saying is, is I think there are, there are things we can do that that get.
Brian Hierholzer   21:20Now, now that being said, there there is one second, one second. That being said, we are working towards a task system. This is this discussion on the task system we are, we are going to be working.
Kevin McCarthy   21:34The tasks are part of it for sure, but it's not sufficient. If we had just a task system, we still couldn't do what you just asked for.
Brian Hierholzer   21:36We are going to be working.I agree with you. This is why I want to have this conversation like ******* now is because to me this is the task system and this is the boundary. They are, they are freaking you. They are not decoupled. They are like jammed together. This is a system.
Kevin McCarthy   21:54I I get it. Yeah, I get it. And and and effectively what the the task can exist with or without the boundary. It's the same thing we always talk about with manual versus automation, right? Like you can always answer a question manually, like what's your whatever, right? Like, did you pass the Cisco CCNA exam? Yes, I did. You're uploaded. Fine. Whatever. Good enough.
Brian Hierholzer   22:06Yeah, if I want a blank ******* task that says, you know, go.I give a ****, but we are looking at a mechanized gating system, a security perimeter. Yeah, anyway.
Kevin McCarthy   22:14I I get it.So and then, yeah, I get the overall goal. It's it's just once again, it's it's a way to do the things we've always talked about doing, not in a necessarily conflicting way. It's just a.Clarification, right? It's a clarification of what we wanted to do. Now the building blocks of of this, I do think that depending on how we want to go through the user interface steps, a lot of people already have RFQS or RF PS or whatever's right that exists as documents.I think pulling those things through as elements is good, which is just like the the Bible, right? I can say John chapter 3 verses 11 through 16. I I know what I can that basically what is what an element system does, right?
Brian Hierholzer   23:06It's the they asked for roughly the same thing from ******* every every party.
Kevin McCarthy   23:10Right. But but all I'm saying is just the ability to say what you're asking for in this sentence, right. Right. Yeah, yeah. But it's but it's like that structure is is what you get from the element system. So once like and and so I would two steps.
Brian Hierholzer   23:15It's it's requirements. It's legal. It's an MSA. It's whatever the **** these things are.
Kevin McCarthy   23:26Break everything down into markdown so that all of these documents and PDFs get turned into markdown. Second of all, we need to reference them so we know that we're talking about, you know, Section 3, paragraph 2, whatever, right?
Brian Hierholzer   23:37And and where do these come from? This is what I was talking about today. These come from, these come from the org, the org legal, legal library that is in PDF and Markdown or whatever the **** they are, yes.
Kevin McCarthy   23:39They they come from wherever, right? Like there's they're tooling. They come from wherever, right? Because.Sure. Or like it's like so. So for instance, if you tell ChatGPT, I want an RFP for a a security, like a whatever for somebody who's going to be doing penetration testing, it'll build that. It'll make you a document. It's good at that.You take that document, you upload it, we break it down. And now that can become the referenceable part where you can now start to anchor the things that you give against the things that they asked. Yeah, yeah. And and then behind that markdown representation, you can turn that into tasks, right. So what you're saying is is like.
Brian Hierholzer   24:08And we catalog it and file it against that org and it's there.
Kevin McCarthy   24:21Like like this thing that I for me to to handle this 200 page PDF, I'm gonna have on my side to answer 100 questions or make 100 promises. You can then create the tasks that reference the different parts of that document and then.
Brian Hierholzer   24:22Or subtasks, yes, or it's.Yeah, and and and a a subtask may be, you know, Section 1-A and it's a whole bunch of requirements.
Kevin McCarthy   24:39Right, exactly. And and or or there might be one. There might be one sentence that kicks off 15 different tasks, right? So whatever, whatever that is.
Brian Hierholzer   24:45Yeah, or subtasks or it's yeah, agreed, agreed. And but it's programmatic, it's explicit, it's very declarative.
Kevin McCarthy   24:52Right. But then, but then when you've done that, so there's there's a couple phases, right? One, you have to decompose their stuff into the markdown. Two, you've gotta flag all the different requirements in there as tasks. And then behind that you have another step which is you could also try to auto close those tasks from the boundary, right? So what does the boundary give me?That would allow me to auto close this task and then anything that doesn't auto close, you know that a person or some other XYZ vehicle would need to close those tasks and that's cool. And then eventually once all those tasks are closed, we have another function that basically can then reply to that thing, right? And then generate a a full proposed response.
Brian Hierholzer   25:29So here's so here. So there there's two sides to this equation of does the demand side fill it first and and they'll know some things. They'll be like, look, I I need a ******* audit, right? And I know, you know, generally speaking what what you're going to need.
Kevin McCarthy   25:29You know, 'cause like.
Brian Hierholzer   25:45Or whatever the construct of the project is, you know, it's project XYZ, you know, floating balloons across, you know, Eastern Europe really doesn't matter. But my point is, is that there's also the scenario within this project and that I want an audit. Dan can shows up as a stranger and he knows exactly what he wants.Or he should be able to understand cuz that's his business from the demand side. Like I have a runbook of things right? And depending on what you tell me in the boundary of what I've been able to see before I get a data one object, one data object and let me clarify that once I before I get any pipeline.Of anything. Now I also want to talk about the database side of the demand side here for a minute. So let's come back to that cuz Dan needs his own DB. Let's shelve that briefly though. So the other thing is, is like he's gonna have.Potentially 100 queries against a WS3AWSS3. He probably already knows once when that thing just shows up that says S3 is in the boundary, it just automatically knows. Well **** here the 72 little.
Kevin McCarthy   26:58It's not gonna know that much. That's my point. If you actually look at what those things say, buying S3 and having it on your invoice is not gonna beat you very far.
Brian Hierholzer   27:00It it it may.It it may.And this is where it may go back and forth. Again, they can't talk.
Kevin McCarthy   27:11Yeah, this is this is where you got Guilfil's bot talking to Dinesh's bot until they just ******* keep smelling the room, filling the room with each other's farts. And then eventually people give up and say good enough, let's just write a check.
Brian Hierholzer   27:17Literally.Well, we're we're trying to be more explicit than that. We're we're trying to use structured things. We're not trying to be subjective.
Kevin McCarthy   27:25I I get it. But all I'm saying is like, like it's just gonna be a massive interference program. If that's what you want to do is like turn every mountain, every molehill into a mountain. You could do that, but.
Brian Hierholzer   27:33But but here's the thing. What is an audit? It's ******* humans. You know, back to you were ******** at the very beginning. ******* well, you know, Bhanu, you can't say the word or or maybe or might or, you know, ****, I don't know. Like and you you were ******** about it as much as anybody else was. Well, ******* tell me explicitly what the **** you want.
Kevin McCarthy   27:50Yeah, his only answer to everything was it depends. It depends is the only answer to every question you ask him.
Brian Hierholzer   27:53What?Yeah, well, but this, this is the end of depends, Kevin. I'm trying to solve the end of that.
Kevin McCarthy   27:59Yeah, I get it. Yeah, I I can. I can see the building blocks here. I can see, I can see what we need on several of these on that workflow, where it turns into the task board as the vehicle versus other interfaces that I think are gonna be easier to use.For people today, right? Like no one's gonna want to decompose their entire procurement process into logging into a task board and then what task to open in what order, right? They're not gonna want to do that. They're gonna want to.Yeah, it's it's the compliance. It's the it's the questionnaires, right?Questionnaires, right?
Brian Hierholzer   28:50And it's ******* mechanized. And eventually like, Are they ready? And all it does is say yes or not. Like it literally just tells you.
Kevin McCarthy   28:53I get it. But like, but that's that's my point. Like they already have, they already have cybersecurity questionnaires and all those questionnaires already go into Google sheet or wherever they go, right?
Brian Hierholzer   29:02Yeah, well, and I'm beyond questionnaires, like I don't trust it. All I'm saying is, do we have their financials? Did it meet this metric? Do we have their background checks? Did it meet it? This is programmatic green, green, green, green. And I don't ******* do anything with this company until these required programmatic requirements have been met prior to even having a ******* conversation like these are for me.
Kevin McCarthy   29:17Yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   29:22Even show up and have a meeting. Can you satisfy these? It's it. There's no conversation. It's explicit.
Kevin McCarthy   29:27Well, the the other, the other thing just to throw out here is the way to make this go a lot faster is to put LLM into it. And we're really right as of right now we are not paying for LLM.And I don't think we should pay for LMS unless we have a revenue model. Like we're not, I don't want to go and do an open source product where we have to then take all sorts of, you know, basically give away tokens for free.
Brian Hierholzer   29:50I the only thing I'm worried about right now is us using the LLM to spec the demand, inspect the supply or whatever the hell it is programmatically to where these things can match. I I'm more worried about the shelving system.
Kevin McCarthy   30:02There's there's a yeah, but for this to like for this to work really well, the thing that makes it work is the LLM because it can basically do that extract, do a lot. A lot of these steps that we're talking about are going to be done a lot better by an LLM, like turning a requirement into a bunch. Sorry, turning a APDF into a markdown and then the markdown into all the different.Requirements on it and then satisfying like like this is really really good for LM, but there's a lot in there, right? There's this is this is kind of an LM workflow.
Brian Hierholzer   30:23Agreed.So keep in mind, keep in mind that our customer, if they're using this, they we are enabling everybody to be programmatic. Whether that's the buy side or the the supply side, we they should be able to go in and use Claude or whatever to to stitch that **** together.
Kevin McCarthy   30:45That's fine. And we and and that if that's the interface, then that's simpler because then we don't necessarily need an interface. We just need to be an MCP like, hey, go and you know, like have Claude do your procurement for you and make a skill and have agent profiles and whatever.
Brian Hierholzer   30:56Yeah, and ******* shove it in on Markdown. Like we don't like, we don't need a a conversion engine. Shove it in in Markdown. We'll use it like you should be able to do that yesterday.
Kevin McCarthy   31:03Right. But that's that's all I'm saying is that there's a change management process here. The people who are going to need this the most are the least able to change. They're regulated, they're federated like like they've got, you know, approved forms and approved processes and approved XY like like these are.
Brian Hierholzer   31:19I, I, I here's where I'm at. Our customer is the same and and you know the to to quote Jeff Spicoli, our my father has an incredible set of tools or whatever it is we are we have the same customer. We make an assumption that everybody is club coming.to our platform. We are a developer first. I said this last meeting or whatever it is, I just went to this hymns thing. The entire ******* show, I swear to God, you know every time anybody opened their mouth, it was guardrails and Claude or ******* AI. Like the world
Kevin McCarthy   31:58Yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   31:59Has come on our way. We can build for technically capable builders that have these tools available at their hands. And if they don't, I don't ******* care. They're not for us, Kevin. Throw that out of your brain, our customers.
Kevin McCarthy   32:13Fair enough.
Brian Hierholzer   32:17We require them to be programmatically capable and they are going to be programmatically capable. They are.
Kevin McCarthy   32:25Alright, so so let's just.
Brian Hierholzer   32:26Just just throw the ******* old world out. I know that we think that way. Just throw it the **** out. Seriously, just *******. They have Claude and they're capable.
Kevin McCarthy   32:34Then then then I don't think we we really need too much of AUI here. Like if if we're saying that you're bringing your own LLM to the party on both sides, supply and demand.
Brian Hierholzer   32:39I'm not saying I dude, the UI is for you and me and for our customer demo, but once they ******* get it, this is a headless ******* interface system, dude. It it it fades to the back, you know, literally in time.
Kevin McCarthy   32:51Yeah. So, so I I think, I think the way this will work then in terms of structural, so we do need to get the task system, whether those tasks are big or small, we need to get the task system working because that's the way that we engage the customer's allowance, right on both sides. That's the way that we engage the customer.
Brian Hierholzer   33:11That is the gating mechanism and they will have to see it. They will have to see it, but it doesn't have to be sexy.
Kevin McCarthy   33:11Result like the vendors, yeah, yeah.Yeah, and but it's also, it's also where we see what the status is and all the outputs of all the LLM, everything has to be trapped in. So it's so the mechanism is the task system is effectively the UI for the LLM workflows and then inside these LLM workflows.
Brian Hierholzer   33:30It is. It is you and I doing this. You're left hand. I'm the right hand. We come together. I have my side of the task. You have your side of the task. We meet in the shared transparency.
Kevin McCarthy   33:32They're gonna have, yeah.Or or or a bit more. I think. I think the other way to do that, which is accomplishing the same goal more efficiently, is more where we had my task and your task or two sides are the same coin, but they're two different items, just like we did with work like you, right?
Brian Hierholzer   33:57I I I could care less how the particle entanglement works. These are these are these are tangled in part tangle entangled particles.
Kevin McCarthy   34:03Yeah, it's it's the same, yeah.Yeah, it's like I've got, I got the chat log on my side, you got the chat log on your side, but I got my ticket with my status. You got your ticket with your status, but we're seeing the same chat log.
Brian Hierholzer   34:12I I could give a **** how the particle entanglement happens. However, what I say is the required piece that entangles the particles is the transparency middle. That is the entangled piece.
Kevin McCarthy   34:27Yeah, yeah, that's that's fine. That's fine.
Brian Hierholzer   34:28Those are those are inextricably bound, except for the transparency portion of the entanglement, and that is where they communicate.
Kevin McCarthy   34:36Yeah, yeah, there's there's everyone. People can have their kimonos and that's fine. But there there's a part that's not. There's a part that's, yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   34:43But there's always an entangled particle on the other side or an entangled task. But but the entangle wire that entangles them is the transparency port partition. Now here's.
Kevin McCarthy   34:48Yeah.So I and I either need to come back and P or P and like we can call it, but yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   34:58Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
Clark Stacer   35:00Yeah.That just reminded me when I first started working with Kevin back in the day, there were, there were periods of time when we were, we were putting in like 18 hour days and there was talk of having, you know, a gallon jug of water that would go in and.You would just pee right into the gallon jug of water without leaving the room.Oh my God, we were kids.
Brian Hierholzer   35:29Oh, ****.
Clark Stacer   35:34Speaking of peeing.
Brian Hierholzer   35:35Yeah, no doubt.
Clark Stacer   35:36Oh, this is good. This is good. I'm so glad that this is happening.
Brian Hierholzer   35:38Are you? I mean, we're we're not saying anything different than I don't think, you know, I've tried to get alignment with with you and I, right. Conversationally, right. I think visually, are you? I mean, are we deviating at all from where you and I are?
Clark Stacer   35:46Yeah.No, this is just way better clarification with finer granularity that I need, you know? So yeah, this is exactly what needs to happen.
Brian Hierholzer   35:58Yeah, OK.The the complexity comes in when we have this, you know, now we, you know, back to why did I start with two parties and then a transparency piece. Now we have you know and and then the project overlay right, which is just a wrapper in my opinion with some.It's a wrapper with some other, you know, rooms in and of themselves specific to the wrapper that are data points. So, so Kevin, where we're going from now is, is like back to the project wrapper. So now that we have two entangled tasks via transparency entangling body, let's say now we're.
Clark Stacer   36:24Yeah, yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   36:39We're just talking about a project that is putting your container around this that may be, you know, these tasks are going to be inextricably bound and every, you know, they're entangled to a boundary construct too, right? Because that is the granting method of data to transverse these two.These entangled rooms, let's say the now the project is a construct that wraps this around. But these things can be across multiple boundaries, and I may actually have other people at the party. I'm not in the project. I'm not going to get into the complexity of that, but everything is bound to a boundary or boundary.Across these entangled tasks through the transparency entanglement and then there may be some definitive project boxes. They're just kind of project centric things which are lines of communication or just shared materials. Again, that could be a transparency portion, but there may be other blocks.The things that kind of define what a project is, who's there, you know, what's it, blah, blah, blah, metadata, it's for this and you know, whatever the hell it is, just up in the noise and Clark has more of that. And then there's the that's a project which is, you know.A construct, you know, we're kind of nesting these layers and then we have an engagement. An engagement is really my company will do business with your company and we've met these requirements. Again, entangled tasks. Yeah, it's MSA, it's banking, it's background checks, the corporate, you know, how long have they been business done and.
Kevin McCarthy   38:06Yeah, it's like MSA level.
Brian Hierholzer   38:14That street, all that ********, right? But then I may have 51 or 50 different projects with different teams across different boundaries. Who knows what that thing looks like, right? And then that can that can also be an internal project. So if I go out to the public marketplace.
Kevin McCarthy   38:22Yeah, mhm.
Brian Hierholzer   38:32And then I do this bidding process or I just have like a private marketplace version where we open up where, look, you can create your own marketplace of your own different business units. It's the same ******* thing. They're still going to need security groups. They're still going to need entangled tasks. They're still going to need requirements. Same ******* thing, right?Whether it's a kind of a public shared marketplace where people come together or internal same construct, just a small little tweak.
38:54Yeah.
Kevin McCarthy   38:57But, but there's still like that that whole thing about like the project is the file cabinet is still in a room in a building and somebody has to own the building, right. Because it's not, it's not sitting on the dirt. And so just like exactly. Yeah, right. And so, so and that's my point like and so the the project.
Brian Hierholzer   39:05Yeah, yeah.Yeah. And whose project is this, right? Like, who started it? Yeah.
Kevin McCarthy   39:16Can be subject to things, and the project is subject to whoever, whichever company owns it, and whatever boundary it's in. If that thing's limited to a boundary, it doesn't need to be. And then it owns its own things. It owns. It could own its own files that are owned by that project, and it could own its own timelines and schedules and stuff like that.
Brian Hierholzer   39:33And we have, we have, we have billing here. So you know, I'll just give you the exact.
Kevin McCarthy   39:35That, but it's does. It doesn't own the boundaries. That's the thing. It doesn't actually govern the gun boundaries.
Brian Hierholzer   39:39I I it it just it is just a it is another envelope that sits on top of boundaries.
Kevin McCarthy   39:44Correct. Yeah but but what we can do is is the task that is in the project can have instructions for how to configure the infrastructure in a boundary but it's so so like when we go into what rules do you need like we can still have the the same way that.
Brian Hierholzer   39:58Yes.Yes.
Kevin McCarthy   40:04I could make a work order that says get this guy into my, you know, dev environment with these tools, but that work orders in the work order system. It's not in the environment, but you use that work order as the instructions for provisioning the environment.
Brian Hierholzer   40:16Yeah, and and so the way I look at it is it's almost like a task or a subtask is almost the definition of I am. It abides by those I am rules.
Kevin McCarthy   40:24Yeah, exactly. So. So that task can contain an access rule, but it doesn't evaluate it, it just has the recipe for it, yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   40:29Yes, yes, yes, yes. If it is, if it is, if we have, if it is talking to a boundary, it has to have an I am policy to the boundary. But it's not just generic and and the boundary product A product B API OP AB read.
Kevin McCarthy   40:41Yeah, or whatever that, whatever that policy is, whether it's I am or XOZ, yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   40:49Write, you know, all that ******* granular attribute based access, that whole ******* tree of permission.
Kevin McCarthy   40:49Yeah.Yeah, yeah, yeah. And but that's that's the stuff that when we when we actually materialize the environment for that task, it'll tell you what repos and what API keys and what network and what node and all that stuff, right. And that's effectively think of that work order as as just a PDF that's attached to the task, right.
Brian Hierholzer   41:05Yeah, like this is a full. This is like Jira with an. This is Jira with a ******* operational binding component to every network ******* asset and data object there is. This is the ultimate if you if you net this out, we have we're redefining an entire I am ******* control plane.
Kevin McCarthy   41:14Yeah, I get it. Yeah.Correct. And and it's the justification for it, yeah.Correct. Yeah. But but what it's also doing is it's getting its provenance or its justification from the project, right. So it's it's the intersection of because of this project and because of these responsibilities and because of this opportunity, we're going to do this.
Brian Hierholzer   41:25Truly.
Kevin McCarthy   41:40And and then that that handoff which is here's the here's your permission slip to go into my environment that's going to get picked up by a different system that'll provision that stuff right. But that's that's that's how it'll work. So it's not the the the permission slip is about a boundary that that will get picked up eventually in a different spot. It just won't be directly evaluating.Like that they're they're different task systems. Like you don't need to have that boundary. Your task isn't in that boundary. It's about that boundary, right? It's a task that tells you about something for that boundary, but it's not in the boundary. Yeah, correct.
Brian Hierholzer   42:10Yeah, it's it's abiding by all of the rules, but the task transparency declares. Because here's what here's the ******* problem. You know, you talk to David, like these guys don't know what any of these ******* data feeds are. They literally have no ******* inventory of the interfaces.
Kevin McCarthy   42:26Oh yeah, no, I get it. And that's that's what we can do. We'll basically build that. We'll build the, we'll use the inventory to build the access request function, right? And document the access request function, yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   42:27And then?Our our transparency center is literally every ******* thing that is happening in the entire network. Like ******* everything. It is the most granular inventory, real-time transactional ******* brain that there is between parties and systems and applications.
Kevin McCarthy   42:42Yeah.Yep.Cool.Yeah.
Brian Hierholzer   42:55Truly. Like nobody ******* has this. This is like ******* insane.
Kevin McCarthy   43:00No, this is and and this is this is everyone's trying to like pussyfoot around and and approximate with like acts inside, you know, LLM property files and **** like that. But it's not, it's not real, right? Like this is the full solution, so.
Brian Hierholzer   43:13This this doesn't exist on the ******* planet. It's a it's an easy *******. It's an easy thing to build.
Kevin McCarthy   43:20All right, well, I've got, I have more stuff that I gotta get back heads down on, but this, this is enough for me to understand what we can do to keep things.
Brian Hierholzer   43:25Yeah.Well, and if we can, if we want to start visualizing this in kind of three partitions and kind of requirements here, again, you know this is explicit ****. S3 I need the ARNI need this bucket names, I need these I am roles within ARN, you know all that, right?
Kevin McCarthy   43:40Yeah, I I there, there, there are a few different places that we can break down here, but I think, I think Clark and I can do that work and then we can send it to you for review.
Brian Hierholzer   43:46OK.Am I ******* crazy here? Am I like, seriously? Is this ******* crazy? I mean.
Kevin McCarthy   43:55No, it's not crazy. The the only issues I have are are really ultimately priority. Like if we need this and let's work on this versus other stuff or whatever, right? So.
Brian Hierholzer   44:01Yeah.I I honestly don't want to work on the boundary and and work on the task system until we get this ******* clarity. Now I'm going to, I'm going to throw another wrench in here. We're only talking two parties. Now let's say I'm a buyer and a seller and now I have a ******* assessor in the mix of this thing that is assessing.
Kevin McCarthy   44:09Yeah, that's fine.Yes.It doesn't. It doesn't matter. Like that two and N to me are the same thing in this construct. It doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is one person owns and everyone else isn't invited. That's it. There's a there's a structural owner of things and everyone else is is they get invited.
Brian Hierholzer   44:22The supplier.OK, OK.Well, but but there may be, there may be, there may be an active. So let me just, I'll do this one. OK, just for simplicity and then we can jump. So I've got we're zero bias. We own the network. Andre has been hired for DevOps outsider.We have this construct that we just talked about. He has to do everything explicitly because he knows every tool in our boundary. We've we've got a boundary, we've got a dev SEC OPS project and now his entire ******* job is he has to show up to the project with a with 5 or 500 tasks.And he's going to say I need read this, read that and all these tasks. And we would need to grant or approve those tasks through this transparency thing. And how are those things being met? So every ******* ticket goes into this on the our side. He responds and fixes and remediates on his side through this transparency component that we have full visibility.Of everything he's ever ******* done forever. Now I'm gonna say, Dan, I want to audit Andre's environment and I need you to bring that to to here. And I don't know how that works yet because I want me. I'm hiring Dan to.Audit all of the every task and everything that he does on his side of the task. I want to audit.
Kevin McCarthy   45:55That's fine. Permissions.Yeah, but all I'm saying is like everything has to have a permission route, right? And and so you can't give something you don't have. So if it's my project, I own all the permissions to start and I give whatever my other partners need to do their stuff, right? That's the that's the only.
Brian Hierholzer   46:10Yeah, which means that he has to bring his ******* boundary to the table, which means that I start inspecting his boundary and then now we have a ****.
Kevin McCarthy   46:16Yeah, yeah, but like and and so, but my point is like, like the boundary is not him owning his boundary doesn't mean that he owns the project and there's a thing in the in the project that can point to his boundary and that's fine, you know?
Brian Hierholzer   46:24I I understand that all I'm saying is is but what I'm saying though is is that he requires access to our network and in in in counter to that we and it may be within the same project we are our auditor requires access to his boundary.
Kevin McCarthy   46:38Yeah, there's there's just a specific type of task which is called an access request task, and it's going to fill out whatever requirements it needs to provision access, right? And that's going to be the permission slip. So and you could do it in any type of configuration.
Brian Hierholzer   46:50Do you want it for a week? Do you want it every per run? Do you get 10 queries? Do you get 5 queries? Do you get unlimited queries? Do you? What's the frequency between these hours?
Kevin McCarthy   46:53Yeah.Yeah, like how long do you need to access? Do you need it for 24 hours or for ongoing or for 30 days or whatever? And so, yeah, no, there's all sorts of stuff we can make in there.
Brian Hierholzer   47:03Yep.
Kevin McCarthy   47:09Go.Sounds good. All right. See you guys.
Clark Stacer   47:14Alright, thanks. Bye.
Clark Stacer stopped transcription