0:0:06 --> Clark Stacer: Yeah. So, like, right now, am I? Oh, go ahead. Yeah, go ahead and finish your thought.
0:0:07 --> But no.
0:0:08 --> Brian Hierholzer: No.
0:0:12 --> Brian Hierholzer: Oh, I was just gonna say, so if you're talking to Claude on the the engagement and all of the the projects that may, you know, whether it's one or you know, 100 projects that are going forever because plausibly, you know, this could be. You know with a very large, you know firm on hundreds of projects to your point that there could be because this is 2 sided that there could also be lots of of requirements and deliverables. From both sides, right of demand and supply or requirements and satisfaction of those requirements from both sides, because things are bidirectional, you could also potentially embed. A GSD or a spec driven design componentry to both parties also to where you know Claude or that their team members with Claude or whatever LLM of choice that they're using. That that even after a meeting that happens, even like right now, that as a result of this meeting, depending on if if you say you're going to do some things or I'm going to do some things in this conversation. Or in a Slack channel that within the project or the GST it's listening and it may even start building tasks from each for each party to the project if if each side has their own tasks.
Clark Stacer: Yeah.
Brian Hierholzer: If they if you will of requirements so that that the the A I system just starts going and saying OK this is the the synopsis of this last meeting and based on the the overall project. This this GSD or this spec driven development toolkit will take these requirements or deliverables and start building sample tasks for the supply side or the demand side of the of the project and start building it out for review. I talked to Joe. Earlier, and he was thinking basically the same thing, that these engagements can be long, they could be lengthy, they can have lots of different meetings and conversations. And just like you and I are having these conversations in time. You know that you're on one side of this project and I'm on the other side of this project, whether you're demand or supply and that in time the agent agentic systems may start having these meetings for us. And them, you know, speccing out, you know, part of their requirements or their designs in within their own SDD or their own GSD templates, if you will, or toolkits. And this may be an agentic system. On the demand side of the project and the agentic system on the supply side of this project, just like it is humans right now. And it starts building out tasks, if you will, for each party because we've supplied both parties of this project kind of a common. GSD that that understands that the the GSD or the spec driven development realize that there's two separate parties, but both parties have to come together symbiotically, if you will, to get success to the project on the outcomes for both parties. And that this GSD may not be just for one side of an equation, it may actually have to be a GSD or spec driven development for two parties within this project, or even more than two parties. If that kind of makes sense.
Clark Stacer: Right. Yep. Yeah, that makes sense.
Brian Hierholzer: Yeah, because if you think about it, like you know, we may have, you know, we're having twice a week meetings where two sides of this thing. If it's listening, why can't a common project GSD or SDD toolkit? Kind of start building for both parties.
Brian Hierholzer: The demand and the supply. And then this morning I was on a different call and that's a different project and that was even building out some things and it was reviewing PowerPoints that multiple parties were putting together in common with their different ideas. So I I just think that the this recording of these sessions will get even though we're two parties, we're not even thinking about common GSDS. We're we're creating these intersections and these collisions from both parties collaborating but. Why would the spec driven development just satisfy one side? Why wouldn't it kind of potentially work for both? I I don't know. I know that that sounds crazy, but it just it kind of came up today.
Clark Stacer: No, I think I get where you're going with that. And like like for example when when I process these meeting notes, when I process the transcript that might end up being, you know, new tasks that are created in the project for. For both parties, so like and the transcript file will be up in the project as an uploaded file, you know with with the summarize, you know the summarized notes of the meeting and you know the any tasks can refer back to this very transcript. And you know, we can, you know, have a very clear trail where tasks are spawned. You know why? Why was this task created? Well, we had this conversation in a meeting and it was agreed on by both parties to, you know, do this thing and now there's.
Brian Hierholzer: Yeah. And and that I may have things that are my responsibility on my side and that you may have responsibility on your side, right, depending on the way that the requirements go from either side of this equation.
Clark Stacer: So kind of like we need, you know, there needs to be it. So if there's a common timeline that's in the transparent middle section and that timeline contains things like the, you know, the meeting notes tasks that were created. We have new requirements that show up, have a pointer that says this is a requirement for the buy side, this is a requirement for the sells, you know, kind of pointing to which direction the the requirement comes from and a requirement might also have like. Reverse requirements like you each have requirements on each other for these different things, you know, in order in order to satisfy another one and you know, so yeah.
Brian Hierholzer: Yeah. So, so yeah, on the back to kind of the the engagement, you know, however that looks on kind of re refactoring or or kind of rehashing it again and kind of getting another, let's say a revised plan.
Brian Hierholzer: The one of the questions I have, you know, even Catalina asked today, he's like, hey, you know, I want to use the the project with my entity. You know, and I want a project with 0 bias and I want to attach all my tasks and I want my contract on there. And can you know, can I haven't talked to Clark yet, but when is he going to be ready for me for us to create a project that has a a contract in it that sets the. The stakes for all of my tasks based on ours. And I said that's a great question because we need it now. So let's tell Clark to hurry.
Clark Stacer: Yeah, nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I had a, we had a great, we had a great stand up this morning because Kevin, Kevin and Chris are both starting to like come up for air and we we were actually talking about features. Instead of just, you know, we're still, you know, cleaning up. So in fact, Chris, I just made a PR to to publish SME Mart onto the UAT. To so Chris is gonna help me finish work out the publishing flow for SME Mart. So pretty soon we'll even have SME Mart will actually be published where you know the the correct way.
Brian Hierholzer: So could somebody, so somebody could get on to, you know, somebody can get a a an organization and then they can go and register their company on SME Mart, declare what they do and then they and then they could potentially.
Clark Stacer: Exactly. Right.
Clark Stacer: Well, I guess one one big question about that is like when when we're inviting somebody. So I guess this is still something Kevin needs to work out is that you know basically every single party that's going to be. Involved has to be added to the boundary as a as as a user or there's an account that gives them permission to be part of the project.
Brian Hierholzer: Yeah, you like a project is is a, you know, however we want to kind of use it as a I don't know that it's a true security group more so than A tagging system of, you know, a bucket of things. But when you say that there's a or a project. You know that thing, that project can span multiple boundaries just depending on, you know, different requirements, right? And that project has to be essentially pinned to boundaries because boundaries are where things get done. And tasks, tasks can only work via a boundary, right? Like literally I I would assume that majority of tasks are boundary centric. There may be some things that are like not boundary centric right where there may be some exchange of information between tasks. That aren't related to certain data access, let's say, or application access or whatever that may be. But you know, I would assume that majority of the time or a high percentage of tasks. Are going to need a boundary permission or some sort of because we have an. I'm going to use the entangled task construct with the the transparency entanglement task. Transparency entangled tasks right to where we have two tasks hanging on. Each side of the transparency center and the entanglement is is that one party needs a task that via entanglement the a a a counter or an entangled task rather than a partition and you know back to that conversation. We're having is that through that entanglement that you know the the boundary or the network owner or the supply side has to grant permission to some sort of data based on a demand side task requirement, right. And that requirement goes into the. Transparency entanglement partition. It says these are the data things that I need or the requirements and the data access from a given product within a given boundary. It's tied to this boundary and that transparency center. Entanglement component, you know, creates a a permission task, let's say on the on the supply side that that grants access to those S3 buckets or or you know data objects or APIs or whatever that. Is that is the supply or the the the demand side or network owner side of that request right? So.
Brian Hierholzer: If you kind of look at it in in that way, you know these things are going to have, you know, mirrors or or pairs that are transparently entangled. How's that? Transparency entangled pair task pairs, right? And. You know, for one is the demand side of things of requirements and the other the the transparency entangled task pair on the on the other side has to grant it or whatever that is, you know, get the information there, right?
Brian Hierholzer: And and majority of those things will come via data that sits behind the boundary permission set. Because the boundary is the guard of all things data and infrastructure and whatever that may be, that is the. True perimeter of the network, right? That is the absolute non porous steel lock that that guards all things within that boundary and and mediates all things in and out. Whatever that may be.
Clark Stacer: Right. Yeah, Yep. Yeah. So when you're saying like inviting, inviting another organization to or another party to to a project. In SME Mart, for example, that's actually going to be, you know that that person or whoever is going to be the actor will will need to have some account, you know, representation in the platform in the boundary.
Brian Hierholzer: Of of the boundary or boundaries and and the reality is is yes and and the reality is is depending on the structure of the project and the boundaries supplying to the project and keep in mind that there may be a boundary. On the demand side of this too, right? And there be are boundaries on the supply side of this too. So you know each party, they have their own systems within zero bias and they have their own boundaries and they have their own network and they have their own applications. You know if you think about it that way and their own tooling, right. So the the reality is, is that you know the the demand side or or the OR or the the supply side sorry of the of the project, you know and I know both parties kind of may have demand and supply. But you know the the reality is, is that if there are multiple people or within a party that are you know on a project and I'm going to say in in one organization, you know Clark may be working in one boundary because his work. Work or your work fits against the project that in a, let's say it's a DevOps component, but I also am in your org and because of my nature of my work, it's very different and I may be working in a completely different boundary because. Of. The nature of the application sitting in that boundary, right? There are lots of reasons to have boundaries. They could be very broad and they can be very, very narrow, very narrow, extremely narrow. It could be one product boundaries, if that makes sense, right? So the network owner may say I'm. I'm going to have seven different people and I'm going to have set on this on the supply side and I'm going to isolate them completely and I'm going to just do one product in each boundary for each person and I'm completely isolating them and to to each person in the supply side to a separate boundary. So, so everybody is completely segmented and is blind from the other, if that kind of makes sense, right? That is very possible.
Clark Stacer: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, this is great. This is great context.
Clark Stacer: Yeah, so that's what I'm what I'm working on right now is the plan to kind of revamp, to revamp the view for for all the whole, the whole thing on that once the engagement is is in place. There'll be, you know, the ability to have multiple projects. Each project under that under that engagement has its own boundary or boundaries, its own users, permissions, actors. All of the things and needs its own view for all of these things and then even yeah.
Brian Hierholzer: Yeah. And there may be, there may be people also that are members of a project on one side or the other that may just be like a member or they're a viewer, but they're not like active, you know what I mean? So they're they're just kind of a, a, an observer, let's say. They're they're really just an observer role or a supervisory role. So they're really just observing things. So let's say that, you know, I'm a manager of 10 different people and I've got 10 different guys on this project and I want to watch. The task board, but you know I'm not doing any of the work, but I'm your supervisor or I'm a supervisor of 10 people, right? I just want to make sure at the at the project is tracking right so that I can see. Every person or party that is a member of this project that that I'm responsible for or I may need to approve certain things. So I'm a I'm an observer, but I'm like a final manager approval, let's say. So I may not be active, but I'm watching. And I have visibility across all tasks within that project because it's my team. So there's gonna be like members of things. There's gonna be like active participants or parties in a team that are responsible parties for a task. And then there's maybe observers of tasks because they're more of managing or supervisory roles. Which, you know, kind of defines certain tasks and, you know, rules within tasks, let's say.
Clark Stacer: So that observer role might be, might be a boundary role for example, and that they would have just a specific view of a specific project or group of projects or you know. Just for specific areas in the hierarchy, they would have observability. Yeah, OK.
Brian Hierholzer: Yeah, exactly. The other thing to think about here, and and this is kind of defining, you know, more of the tasks themselves, but this is very possible. And I was talking to Joe about this. Let's say I'm running a 24 hour. Service and you know, we've got 24 hour, 24 by 7 shifts, you know, 365 days or even just, you know, let's say five days a week. You know, and and this this project may be customer service. It may be help desk. Who knows what this is, right? This is some sort of help desk service. Well, what if a task comes in? On the, you know, into the supplier for some sort of ticket, right? And it's assigned to one task is assigned to one person, but because of the clock, you know, they started the work, but they were not able to finish the work, so they had to. Assigned. You know, we almost like need a queuing system that allows a a queue of tasks to come in. They're not assigned yet. They they may be assigned by different roles or responsibilities or skills. They may be, you know, let's say they are selected by the supply side based on a team and and based on the again those these roles or responsibilities or tasks, skills and knowledge. But if they don't get completed, they may need to be handed off and shift shifted. Back into a queue so that somebody on the next shift can pick it up and then finish the work. So what this requires is this requires like a persistent memory system where even a task in an AI tool set. Let's say if I'm a guy in the Philippines and I'm. I'm doing some sort of customer service centric task, but even though I leave for the day, that thing cannot be left idle, right? I have to reassign or re queue that task. But the task has to maintain my entire session and the memory, so it has to that memory has to be pulled from my session or pushed from my LLM into the task system so that that all my session details etcetera can be passed to the next person that is now responsible. able to take the handoff of that task to completion.
Clark Stacer: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I I think that that will be handled easily for tasks within the platform. You know when you just by reassigning it to somebody else or changing the state, the state of the task that that's now.
Brian Hierholzer: Exactly. Yes, exactly.
Clark Stacer: And if it's not, it should be, there should be. We need to add that ability so that every change that's made to a task is there's a, you know, there's a history, a trail for all of the changes.
Brian Hierholzer: Yeah, and if if that task may have hit four different people with four different Claude or LLM sessions, whatever that is, in order to get to completion, right?
Clark Stacer: Yeah, yeah, I know JIRA does that. They have like a task history tab on every task that it's an activity, task activity that shows you exactly, you know, task was transitioned. Somebody added this comment, you know. Somebody edited the comment, you know, like, you know, a trail.
Brian Hierholzer: Yep, Yep, exactly. But the one big thing is, is that we have to have a memory system that captures all tasks with all sessions. This requires every agentic ID to that that issues, you know. So, so we're gonna have to trap like the agentic ID of, you know, whoever it is that's working with Claude or if it's just a Claude agent and the and the key of that agentic API key or or MCP key, whatever the hell that is and we're, you know, we're gonna. Have to have the LLM push the session data into the task to retain that memory because Joe is also saying that he has to have and from a compliance perspective we have to have that anyway, just for a full audit trail of every agentic instance. Right. And the people. But the other thing is, is that we need the full historical everything of that session, like literally everything. So our our task system has to trap all of the agentic memory from that cloud session or alternative LLM solution. Into the task so that it carries its memory of every agent accession and the people centric solution or people centric activities in the task memory that then retains A permanent memory at the project that that that then retains memory across all. All projects at the org or project history so that the supply side has full historical across all projects and the demand side has this and that is all in that transparency center. Some of it may be in the transparency componentry for full historical memory of. Everything that happened, because that's what the transparency center or transparency entangler does, is retain that right. But there may be some things that the supply side has that they want to retain that are proprietary to them. And same thing with the demand side. They may want a history and full audit ability and history of everything in memory that is pertinent to them. So you're still going to have to have a memory system that tracks kind of these. The entangled task sides of the entanglement that are transparency entangled, where the transparency entanglement componentry of the task still retains everything that is shared, but they still maintain things that are not shared as well from a. Persistent memory and forever, right? So there's still there's still a shared memory forever and and non shared memories from each side of the the project or the task system. That that way, Joe's team, let's say he has full memory of everything that they've ever done for every customer, and that way their system can learn.
Clark Stacer: Yeah, yeah. And that that was the, that was the the basic idea behind this timeline view that I expect this to be maturing as we go. The timeline would literally show every single point at. What time? What the timestamp when a task was created, when it was transitioned, when you know somebody uploaded a file attachment, somebody added evidence, and when somebody satisfied A requirement like that would. There would be like a little spot on the timeline that says this satisfies this requirement or whatever. So it just exactly what you're talking about, having a complete history, a complete trail of the whole history of the project.
Brian Hierholzer: Yeah, and it has to be at both orgs, right? So both, you know, Joe's org or or W3 Geekery's org or the 0 bias org. We want, you know, memory across all projects forever, right? And so at the project level and then at the task level. Right. And all that transparency. So that is full, full auditability across all things. It is a full historical record. Nothing slips out, you know, and and we'll get into a a cryptographic hash of these files later.
Clark Stacer: Yeah. It's the blockchain.
Brian Hierholzer: But the reality is, is those those transparency audit components are going to be cryptographically hashed. So they are immutable, so that they are a fully immutable audit trail of of. Yep, exactly.
Clark Stacer: Yeah, a blockchain for a project or or, you know, yeah, exactly.
Brian Hierholzer: Cool.
Clark Stacer: Yeah, that way it's locked in and you don't, you know. All you can do is update it with, you know, but you can't ever erase what happened before, you know, yeah.
Brian Hierholzer: Exactly. Exactly. Yep.
Brian Hierholzer: OK, well, hurry up.
Clark Stacer: Yep. OK, I'm. I'm going. I'm doing the best I can. But yeah, this is fun.
Brian Hierholzer: OK bud, I will send you. I will send you the file as soon as it is available.
Clark Stacer: Alrighty. Thank you, Sir.
Clark Stacer: Alright.
